hi and welcome to this review of the you
speed USB 3.0 East set a 2.5 inch 3.5
inch hard drive docking station as you
can see by looking at the box it's
pretty well packaged this comes from
China like anything else is actually not
made by you speed it's marketed by you
speed but produced by another company
but it's packed pretty good everything
stays pretty well put as it's shipped
and it comes out the Box in very good
shape
my board of this unit from Amazon and as
you can see it's a solid plastic
enclosure and it gives you a spot for
the two and a half inch and three and a
half inch drive you have the eSATA
connection on the back and the USB 3.0
as well as your DC power adapter and it
works very well which you get it up and
running it comes with a number of
accessories of course you get your eSATA
cable your USB 3.0 cable and your AC
power cable and once you get it hooked
up and plugged in the computer will
eventually detect the drivers I had
another USB 3.0 device plugged in our
Drive an external hard drive and it gave
me some issues but once it came in
unplugged and I figured all that out
that worked okay the full-size
three-and-a-half inch hard drives will
work really well the slimmer
be a little loose in the docking station
but will work just fine what you getting
up and running Windows 7 identifies it
you're able to do things pretty good USB
3.0 file transfer speed was a little
disappointing came in a little slower
than I expected it to do for a USB 3.0
device but it did come in faster than
that USB 2.0 as you can see here on this
test a USB 3.0 file transfer speed came
in really at just under a minute for
transferring about a belt will over met
it really for transferring a
three-and-a-half gigabyte file and as we
look at the eSATA speeds eastbound
speeds were just a little
faster and I was surprised I thought the
East's that a file transfer speed would
be a lot faster but it really wasn't
and maybe it's a limitation of the hard
drive that was in the dock that could be
a possibility but it came in at just
around a minute for total transfer five
minutes six seconds I think ends up
being the exact time for anything to
come in now if you look at the buffalo
USB 3.0 external hard drive speed moving
the same file it goes by a lot quicker
it comes in under a minute really more
about 50 seconds or so now if you look
at USB 2.0 you'll see that that speed is
drastically slower moving the same file
to a USB 2.0 enclosure it took I think
just over 2 minutes for that whole file
to properly transfer all the way over so
there's definitely a speed increase as
you go through some final thoughts on
this unit as you need to plug it in
directly to your hub or directly into
the card on the computer it's a good
value for the money and the model that
is being marketed by you speed is not
made by you speed it's actually made by
a company called work oh and you can
find it rebranded by many different
manufacturers between $29.99 us and
49.99 you can get this from Amazon
Newegg and many other places but overall
it's a good drive Bay for your money and
you should get a lot of good use out of
it any questions email me at one get
backs tech dotnet